add @wordpress/env to provide a easy local environment (#124)
WordPress/twentytwentyone: CONTRIBUTING.md

Howdy, it’s really great you want to contribute to the new default theme for the WordPress 5.6 release! Before you dive in, here are a few pointers on how to contribute.

> To make it easyer to get started with contributing Twenty Twenty One includes [`@wordpress/env`](https://npmjs.com/package/@wordpress/env), which is a project developed by the Gutenberg Project to allow for easy lightweight preconfigured local environments. All you need to to ti get started is run `npm run wp-env start` in the `twentytwentyone` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it easier to get started with contributing Twenty Twenty One includes [`@wordpress/env`](https://npmjs.com/package/@wordpress/env), which is a project developed by the Gutenberg Project to allow for easy lightweight preconfigured local environments. All you need to get started is to run `npm run wp-env start` in the `twentytwentyone` folder.
```

Minor typo fixes
